Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Hello.
I don't usually get calls here.
I knew something was off.
Yes. Very thin…
He is blonde with blue eyes.
He seems half dead?
They usually stop here
on the way to the Grim Reaper.
Yes…
Boss.
Whatever you say.
Fuck. lady!
I'm Valentina Ventura De La Cruz-Santana.
I think you know very well who my mom is.
You touch this guy one more time -
and you're gonna get to know ME.
Understand?
But your mom ordered us to kill him.
She just called.
I don't think you understand. my son.
Do you see my mom here?
No. right?
So I'm the one
making orders around here. bitch.
Put your FUCKING gun away -
and nobody needs to get hurt.
Do you understand?
You like getting into fights --
huh. white boy?
Learn some Spanish
you blue-eyed kangaroo.
I don't wanna see you die.
White boy -- White boy.
His head. His head.
He's so heavy.
Are you okay?
Yes daddy. Esteban.
It's like --- you know what --
Oh look. he's drooling.
Gross.
Poor baby.
Good night. friend.
Look at this place --
Gross. It smells disgusting.
So embarrassing.
Let's go. Let's go.
That's five gold teeth.
Learn to use dental floss.
Your fate's looking more grim.
This guy isn't much of a fighter. sweetie.
I don't think this one will escape.
And he definitely won't
fall in love with
a beautiful Mexican girl.
There's nobody like
The Thunder from Down Under
right. sweetie?
You're a hopeless romantic. son.
But remember
that you could have been
this poor bastard.
You should be scared.
You're at the very end
of the longest. worst walk of your life.
Come along. lovers.
Hello.
Fill it up please.
Sure.
Saturday…
Nine -
Where… this…
the library?
I love you.
I have a secret.
You have a secret?
Which is…
A book.
My love.
To speak Spanish?
Seriously?
Protect --
our legacy.
This is the guy everybody's talking about?
Want me to use a knife?
Chill. brother.
I don't know about that because…
No. white boy.
I know something's not right here.
You look beautiful. my daughter.
What are you doing here. mom?
Mama. please.
How does the saying go…
The pride before the fall.
White boy.
Thank you
for making me
so happy.
I love you.
It's been
far too long.
You are a cancer.
What happened?
Please I'm begging you.
Please don't make me do that.
Who was it. mama?
No one. sweetie.
Just business.
Good night.
Good night. friend.
We're from two very different worlds
white boy.